# October 2019 (v1.81)

Hello everyone! Here's a new monthly update with various changes and improvements throughout the entire script.
The focus this month was primarily on user experience and performance.

---

## Tools

### New experimental tool switching

A new experimental tool switcher has been added to the script. When enabled, the design of tool result pages will
change to allow the user to change their current website – see <a href="https://i.bailey.sh/IOdIFLI.png" target="_blank">this screenshot</a> for an example.
Soon, we'll extend this and add a drop down to quickly switch between tools themselves.

- Enable experimental tool switching in [Settings &raquo; General](settings/general.php).
- This setting is enabled by default for new installations.

---

## Services

### Google improvements

For users who have the [free Google proxying service](google.php) enabled, we have introduced a more reliable scraping
strategy that will help prevent Google blocks by balancing your queries between your own server and the service
intelligently.

Additionally, we've made changes to the Google SERP tool that have sigificantly improved its performance. In some cases,
the tool retrieves results as much as 2100% faster than before.

---

## User experience

### Responsive design changes

The customer-end of the script is now mobile friendly. The grid system throughout the script has been revamped to
support this change. The pricing plans page for users with the subscriptions plugin enabled has been
made responsive as well.

### New functionality for tools when a site is not selected

Until now, if you clicked on a tool without first selecting a site, you would be taken back to the tools page.
This resulted in poor user experience. You can now configure individual tools to load even if a site has not been selected.
The user will be prompted to select a site on the individual tool page.

- Show tools when a site is not selected in <a href="settings/general.php">Settings &raquo; General</a>.
- Enabling this setting will also forcefully enable experimental tool switching.

---

## Other changes

Apart from the major changes above, we have also made a few other improvements throughout the script this month, including:

- Added a new remote debugger extension for customer support (disabled by default).
- Improved performance of the keyword research tool.
- Improved performance of the competition tool.
- Fixed mail security settings not being saved.
- Fixed keyword research not sorting results by volume.
- Fixed various deprecation warnings for PHP 7.4.
- Fixed broken data in the competition tool.
